so you want to make $10,000 a month but
you don't know which route to take most
people take the traditional route they
go to school study hard for their exams
get good grades go to university and
then get a 9-to-5 job sorry to burst
your bubble but the average person makes
$63,750 per year according to the latest
data from the Social Security
Administration that's
$531 16 per month so nowhere near your
goal of $10,000 a month even worse this
data includes people who've been in the
game for ages so if you're just starting
out in your 20s you'll probably be
making way less than 5K a month if you
stick to this old school path but hey
let's say somehow you hit the jackpot
and score a 9 to 5 gig that pays you 10K
a month maybe you become a hot shot
doctor or lawyer sounds great right well
not so fast you'd still be trading away
your time and freedom for that paycheck
this was the route that my parents
expected me to follow they believed it
was the only way to a secure future
maybe some of you are sitting there
right now feeling that same pressure
with your parents expecting the same of
you however deep down you feel like
there must be a faster way you can make
over 10K per month with more freedom and
that's exactly
where the new route comes in don't worry
I know this sounds like it's leading up
to some sort of sales pitch but I'm not
going to try and sell you anything so
feel free to relax you can follow this
rout rout completely for free and how
you navigate it will depend on you many
successful people like Steven Bartlet
Joe faser and Ali ABDO are taking this
route already but they aren't really
talking about it it also doesn't matter
how old you are you can switch to this
new route no matter what stage of the
traditional route you're currently on
however the longer you wait the tougher
it gets to make that big jump why well
as you keep going down this usual path
Life Starts piling on more stuff you
know like a mortgage your partner kids
the whole shebang don't get me wrong you
can still switch gears at any stage but
trust me it's way easier if you do it
sooner rather than later I left school
with no money or qualification so I was
forced down this route early on and I
believe that's one of the key reasons I
became a millionaire in my 20s and have
been able to compound that wealth ever
since hopefully you're convinced that
this new route to making over $110,000
per month is at least worth learning
about so let me break down the three
steps involved Step One is consume
believe it or not you don't know
everything if you think you do then
you're delusional and arrogant so what's
the solution to this it's simple
consuming knowledge think of it this way
it's like Gathering resources in
Minecraft you need the right materials
to build survive and ultimately conquer
however the education system never
really teaches you how to find
information we're consuming it's not as
simple as reading a boring text Facebook
or a quick Google search so here's some
advice before you even reach for your
laptop you need to identify what you
want to learn this needs to be some kind
of high income skill some examples that
come to mind are video editing High
ticket sales web design coding graphic
design and copyrighting honestly there
are so many out there just pick one that
you feel you'd already have a little bit
of a natural gift for it's always easier
to sharpen a strength and develop a
weakness once you've narrowed it down
this area will become your focus now you
need time to seek out credible sources I
know I'm biased but I think the best
place to do this is on YouTube find some
trustworthy experts with large audiences
watch their videos and note down their
key points you need to extract the key
information not copy down their life
story ask yourself what point is that
person actually making and what lesson
is behind their story or experience once
you've done that and your notes are
looking solid AR start to look at the
types of people that are watching and
engaging with that content if you notice
they have a strong Community then get
stuck in I'd even go the extra mile and
head over to Reddit and Discord this way
you'll be able to connect with people
that are passionate about the same niche
as you engage with them ask questions
and learn from their experiences I
guarantee you joining these types of
groups will give you a proper insight
into the real struggles that people are
facing Which is far more valuable than
watching only the Creator's videos it's
one thing to learn from Top creators
online but when you dive into these
communities you get a front row seat to
see what's really going on giving you
access to Priceless knowledge trust me
this will come in very handy later on a
word of warning though it can be very
easy to fall into the Trap of only
watching one person or even just
watching YouTube videos If you want to
get the most from this then you need to
be consuming from a variety of different
people and mediums in other words you
really shouldn't be shying away from
books I'm a huge fan of books they're
like a shortcut to someone's entire life
experience but I'm dyslexic so plowing
through a whole book can be a real pain
sometimes that's why I'm all about these
short form guides for me short form is
the go-to for diving deep into books
like the intelligent investor and
gaining in-depth insights they're the
best summary surface out there and let
me learn from Five Books in the time it
takes to read one I'll drop a link in
the description that you can use to try
it for free and get 20% off off step two
is apply if you want to get rich then
you have to apply the things you consume
this is super important as you need to
get out there in the real world and test
what you've learned the best way to do
this is to consume then apply consume
some more and then apply again it's a
cycle that only stops when you want to
startop progressing let's say you've
decided to consume content on coding now
is the time to make your first Simple
app it sounds daunting and at first
you're probably going to suck but that's
okay you you've got to give yourself
permission to fail Mark Zuckerberg
didn't create Facebook for his first
project JK Rowling got rejected 12 times
before she published Harry Potter and
Beyonce Made hundreds of songs before
her first smash hit in the words of Mark
Zuckerberg himself the greatest
successes come from having the freedom
to fail as soon as you feel confident
enough start charging for your skills if
you edit videos then take on a few lower
paying clients at first and work your
way up just just think all you need to
do is get five clients paying $2,000 a
month or 10 clients paying $11,000 a
month for your video editing services
and you've already hit the 10K per month
Target the better you get the more
you'll be able to charge and the easier
it will be to make more and more money
however this is a game of diminishing
returns meaning the hours you put in
learning the skill at the start will
have more impact on your income than the
hours later down the line it's like when
you first start to work out of the gym
you get newbie gains it's best to
consume and apply until you get to the
point where you aren't noticing an
increase in the amount you're able to
charge for your services this is how you
know you've reached pretty much expert
status during this time make sure to
keep note of all the challenges you face
and problems you overcome these will
become stories you can draw on heavily
in the future believe it or not during
the apply stage the most important thing
you're gaining isn't the money but
instead the experiences themselves once
you're an expert in a specific High
income skill it can be very easy to get
stuck here tradeing every hour you have
to earn 10K per month but remember the
goal isn't to reach 10K and lose all
your freedom so instead I recommend
doing these two things firstly start to
scale your high income skill into a real
business I know you might be thinking
it's already a business but if you have
to be working to generate income then
the truth is you just have a high paying
job so how can you scale a high income
skill into a proper business well I know
a guy that started editing shorts for
YouTubers he was working every hour
Under the Sun however one day he just
got fed up with working all the time and
not having the freedom to take vacations
so he started to note down all the steps
he would take to make the shorts from
the way he selected the clips to the
font he used and the time of day he
posted the social media he didn't know
it at the time but he was creating a
system he realized that he wasn't going
to be able to to find someone to do all
the tasks like him however he could
split the tasks into separate jobs such
as timestamper text editor and poster
this way he could find far less skilled
people to fill in the roles for him so
he could focus on the quality control
and take on more clients you can do this
with any High income skill the system
will also become super useful for the
next thing I highly recommend doing
teaching others your high income skill
that brings me on to step three educate
most of the young millionaires that have
gained success recently have made their
fortunes teaching others I'm talking Ean
gadzi Ali ABDO Graham Stefan the list
goes on the education industry is
booming and I believe everyone making
decent money from some kind of high
income skill should also have an
education business I mean just imagine
you created a course that you sold for
$100 all you'd have to do is sell that
course a 100 times in a month and you'd
hit that 10K per month the great thing
is you only have to make it once and
then you can sell it again and again
getting your freedom and time back
education products don't just have to be
online courses you could also start
exclusive membership sites subscription
podcasts communities personalized
coaching and more these types of
businesses are extremely cost effective
to set up and run they also have the
upside of being extremely scalable as
they generate predictable reoccurring
Revenue now reoccurring revenue is the
holy grow in the business world I mean
there's a reason why everything is
turning into a subscription nowadays if
you know how much money is coming in
every month then it gives you the
confidence you need to expand your
business and eventually hire people
without worrying too much about your
cash flow I know multiple people making
millions using this business model or
from their laptop look I know it might
sound super complicated but all you have
to do is sign up to an all-in-one
platform like ajabi and they'll handle
all the business stuff for you so you
can focus on creating your education
products just make sure the platform you
choose to host your course or Community
doesn't take a cut from your revenue and
that everything remains controlled and
owned by you that's why I like kaj jabby
as you keep 100% of what you earn they
also give you lots of analytic tools
easy payment options email marketing
tools and customizable website templates
all built in to build a successful
business on kajabi all you need is
10,000 loyal fans buy an a $100 product
and you've got a million dooll education
business I'll talk about how you can
build an audience like this in a second
I reached out to kajabi to see if they'd
be interested in sponsoring this portion
of the video they agreed and are
offering a free 30-day trial to start
your business if you go to kajabi.com
Mark so feel free to head over there and
sign up once you're ready to H your
education product and make some
predictable reoccurring Revenue you
might be thinking that giving away your
secrets will impact your earnings
however honestly only a very small
percentage of people actually take
action that's what separates us from
most people and honestly if you don't
teach others then someone else will but
why would someone listen to you and not
someone older and more experienced
relatability it's as simple as that
you've recently been in their shoes and
can relate to how they're feeling much
better than an old Professor that's
teaching from textbooks that's part of
the reason my channel has been so
successful I've been there and done it I
know what it's like starting with no
money or qualifications and I put in the
hard work that's why you can't just skip
to this step before actually applying
what you consume online there are too
many parrots out there your real stories
and experiences will make you stand out
but what if I get lots of hate look
what's scarier to you looking back 10
years from now seeing your life exactly
as it is the same job same income same
routine or facing a few harsh comments
online to build any kind of audience
online you're going to have to deal with
a small group of people who don't like
you but that's how you know you're doing
it right the worst thing to be is
vanilla so how can you actually build an
audience and educate people through your
experiences most people will tell you to
start with your story but the issue with
this is that no one actually knows who
you are yet you don't have that social
presence online to make people care sure
sometimes out of the blue these videos
can hit an out algorithm but these
people never build a lasting following I
would personally start with posting
content that directly speaks to your
audience and their needs you could do a
combination of videos blog posts or
tweets you need to talk about a shared
problem and teach people how to fix that
problem through actionable advice really
think back to when you started and all
the problems you were facing this is
your superpowers you can really tap into
their thoughts when people scroll
through social media the posts that make
them stop stop are often the posts that
make them feel something posts that hit
that emotional trigger so hit them hard
in your first line make them stop and
think wow this is just how I feel one of
the best tips is to use something I
created called the impact principle I is
for inspire you want your audience to
feel motivated by your story showing
them that change is possible M is for
message you should always try to have a
clear and concise message that's not
only easy to understand but easy to
remember every time they think of that
message they'll think of you and your
content P is for practical you should
always be providing actionable steps
that they can take immediately to
improve their situation forget all that
mindset stuff that's not helping anyone
A is for authentic you should always be
yourself and speak about your own
experiences from the apply stage to
really resonate with your audience C is
for connection you need to build a
really strong connection with your your
Audience by addressing their needs and
concerns so reply to comments and within
C is another C really conversation you
need to be creating a conversation to
help build a strong you guessed it
Community all the se's there's so many
lastly we have t which is for timing I
know what you're thinking finding the
best time to post using stats no that's
not what I'm about to say for timings
it's more about releasing your content
at the right time to maximize its
relevance and impact so jump on Trends
and follow the news so you stay relevant
it's all about catching and riding the
waves which will shed light on your
other content if you aren't comfortable
sitting down in front of a camera and
talking that isn't the only strategy
that works look at people like Steven
Bartlet he failed at vlogging for many
years and then he started his podcast
Diary of a CEO he now gets the experts
on and draws out their insights for his
audience there is no right way to go
about it it's just trial and error until
you find what works for you so don't be
afraid to try a few different approaches
so are you going to keep going down the
traditional route or are you going to
hop on to the new route and start making
over 10K a month I'll leave that down to
you if you want to know the seven things
to avoid if you want to get rich then
I'll leave that video right up there but
don't click on it just yet make sure to
subscribe if you want to grow your
wealth okay I'll see you over there

